Table of Contents
revenue has sequentially declined. All of these factors may negatively impact our gross margins and financial results.
We build technology and products for use cases and applications that may be new or may not yet exist. Examples include our Omniverse
platform and third-party large language models and generative models. Our demand estimates for these use cases and applications can be
incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate any revenue from these use cases and
applications.
Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended lead
times may occur if we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events, such as the COVID-19
pandemic. In addition, geopolitical tensions, such as those involving Taiwan and China, which comprise a significant portion of our revenue and
where we have suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners who are critical to our supply continuity, could have a material adverse
impact on us.
The use of our GPUs for other than that for which they were designed and marketed, including new and unexpected use cases, has impacted
and can in the future impact demand for our products, including by leading to inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For example, a number
of years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to be used for digital currency mining, including blockchain-based platforms such as Ethereum. It is
difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision, the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future
impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price
changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards, and changes in the method of
verifying blockchain transactions, has impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further
impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the
recently implemented Ethereum 2.0 merge may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining as well as create increased aftermarket sales
of our GPUs, which could negatively impact retail prices for our GPUs and reduce demand for our new GPUs. We previously introduced Lite
Hash Rate, or LHR, GeForce GPUs with limited Ethereum mining capability and provided CMP products in an effort to address demand from
gamers and direct miners to CMP. With the Ethereum 2.0 merge, NVIDIA Ampere and Ada Lovelace architectures no longer include LHR. In
addition, our new products or previously sold products may be resold online or on the unauthorized “gray market,” which also makes demand
forecasting difficult. Gray market products and reseller marketplaces compete with our new products and distribution channels.
Additionally, we depend on developers and other third parties to build accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms. We also
rely on third-party content providers and publishers to make their content available on our platforms such as GeForce NOW. Failure by
developers to build applications that leverage our platforms, or failure by third-party content providers or publishers to make their content
available on reasonable terms or at all for use by our customers or end users on our platforms, could adversely affect customer demand.
Dependency on third-party suppliers and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, package or design our products reduces
our control over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, development, enhancement and product delivery schedules and
could harm our business.
We depend on foundries to manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. We do not assemble, test
or package our products, but instead contract with independent subcontractors. We also rely on third-party software development tools to assist
us in the design, simulation and verification of new products or product enhancements. The design requirements necessary to meet consumer
demands for greater functionality from our products may exceed the capabilities of available software development tools. We face several risks
which have adversely affected or could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and scale our supply chain, negatively impact
longer-term demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results,
including:
•
lack of guaranteed supply of wafer, component and capacity or decommitment and potential higher wafer and component prices, from
incorrectly estimating demand and failing to place orders with our suppliers with sufficient quantities or in a timely manner;
20
