Table of Contents
Cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022, due to share repurchases and the absence of debt
issuance proceeds in fiscal year 2023, offset by absence of debt repayment.
Liquidity
Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and cash generated by our operations. At the end
of fiscal year 2023, we had $13.30 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to
meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and
$1.25 billion of debt repayment due in fiscal year 2024. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to
external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements.
Our marketable securities consist of debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financial
institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. These marketable
securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
During fiscal year 2024, we expect to use our existing cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our
operations to fund our capital investments of approximately $1.10 billion to $1.30 billion related to property and equipment.
Except for approximately $1.38 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued
any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities held outside of the U.S. at the end of fiscal year 2023 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income
taxes.
Beginning in fiscal year 2023, the TCJA requires taxpayers to capitalize research and development expenditures and to amortize domestic
expenditures over five years and foreign expenditures over fifteen years. The adverse cash flow impact of mandatory capitalization will be
reduced in future years as capitalized research and development expenditures continue to amortize. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Capital Return to Shareholders
During fiscal year 2023, we returned $10.04  billion in share repurchases and $398 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend
program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the
dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of our shareholders.
As of January 29, 2023, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock up to $7.23
billion through December 2023.
45
