Table of Contents
Product, system security, and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected
revenue and increase our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation.
Security breaches, computer malware, social-engineering attacks, denial-of-service attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or
hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated, making it more
difficult to successfully detect, defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures.
Cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, may become
more prevalent and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or if
restoring from backups is delayed or not feasible.
Threat actors, sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-
attacks. Due to increasing geopolitical conflicts and during times of war or other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may
be vulnerable to a heightened risk of cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our ability to provide services and products. Furthermore, we rely
on products and services provided by third-party suppliers to operate certain critical business systems, including without limitation, cloud-based
infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, and other functions, which exposes us to supply-chain attacks or other
business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners’ supply chains have not been
compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology
systems, including our products and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. Our ability to monitor
these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and these may not have adequate information security measures in place. In
addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a security breach, our response may be limited or more difficult because we may not have
direct access to their systems, logs and other information related to the security breach. Additionally, we are incorporated into the supply chain of
a large number of entities worldwide and, as a result, if our products or services are compromised, a significant number of our customers and
their data could be affected, which could result in potential liability and harm our business.
To defend against cyber-attacks, we must continuously engineer more secure products and enhance security and reliability features, which is
expected to result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop our security measures, ensure our suppliers have appropriate
security measures in place, and continue to meet the evolving security requirements of our customers, applicable industry standards, and
government regulations. While we take steps to detect and remediate certain vulnerabilities that we have identified, we may not always be able
to detect all vulnerabilities in our security controls, systems or software, including third-party software we have installed, as such threats and
techniques change frequently and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in
developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address identified vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities could result in reputational and
financial harm.
We hold confidential and proprietary information, including information from partners and customers. Breaches of our security measures, along
with reported or perceived vulnerabilities or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or third
parties could expose us and the parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, potentially resulting in litigation and subsequent
liability, regulatory inquiries or actions, damage to our brand and reputation or other harm, including financial, to our business. For example, we
hold propriety game source code from third-party partners in our GFN service. Breaches of our GFN security measures, which have happened in
the past, could expose our partners to a risk of loss or misuse of this source code, damage both us and our partners, and expose NVIDIA to
potential litigation and liability. If we or a third party we rely on experience a security incident, which has occurred in the past, or are perceived to
have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, including government enforcement actions, additional
reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions on processing data, litigation, indemnification obligations, reputational harm, diversion of
funds, financial loss, loss of data, material disruptions in our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our
goods and services, and other similar harms. Inability to fulfill orders, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of these
disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation.
23
