Table of Contents
Data protection laws around the world are quickly changing and may be interpreted and applied in an increasingly stringent fashion and in a manner that is
inconsistent with our data practices. These obligations may affect our product design and necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems and
practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Despite our efforts, we or third parties we rely upon may fail to comply with
such obligations. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant
consequences, including but not limited to, government enforcement actions, litigation, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, bans on processing
personal data, and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial
condition.
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, higher than expected
tax rates and other tax-related factors.
We are subject to complex income tax laws and regulations, as well as non-income-based taxes, in various jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in
determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. Although
we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, any adverse outcome could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes
imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, net income, and cash flows.
Further, changes in tax laws or their interpretation by tax authorities in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions could increase our future tax liability or cause other
adverse tax impacts, which may materially impact our results of operations, or the way we conduct our business. Most of our income is taxable in the United
States, with a significant portion qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived intangible income, or FDII. If U.S. tax rates increase or the FDII deduction
is reduced, our provision for income taxes, results of operations, net income and cash flows would be adversely affected. In addition, changes in the tax laws of
foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of global implementation of the Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting and Pillar Two Model Rules
announced by The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD. These and other changes in the foreign tax laws, as adopted by
countries, may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business or statutory rates, the mix of earnings in countries
with differing statutory tax rates, available tax incentives, credits and deductions, the expiration of statutes of limitations, changes in accounting principles,
adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, the estimates of our deferred tax assets and
liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances, changing interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for business
combinations, as well as changes in the domestic or international organization of our business and structure. Furthermore, the tax effects of accounting for
stock-based compensation and volatility in our stock price may significantly impact our effective tax rate in the period in which they occur. A decline in our stock
price may result in reduced future tax benefits from stock-based compensation, increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results.
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We currently and will likely continue to face legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings, claims, demands and/or investigations involving shareholder,
consumer, competition and/or other issues relating to our business. For example, we are defending a securities class action lawsuit from multiple shareholders
asserting claims that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency
mining on GPU demand in 2017 and 2018. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including monetary
damages or fines, or an injunction stopping us from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other
remedies, such as compulsory licensing of patents. An unfavorable outcome or settlement may result in a material adverse impact. Regardless of the outcome,
litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations.
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows from operations, and prevent us from implementing our strategy or
fulfilling our contractual obligations.
As of January 28, 2024, we had net outstanding a total of $9.7 billion in notes due by 2060. As each series of senior notes matures, unless redeemed or
repurchased, we must repay or refinance the notes. If we decide to refinance, we may receive less favorable terms, or we may be unable to refinance at all,
which may adversely affect our financial condition. We also have a $575 million commercial paper program.
Maintenance of our current and future indebtedness and contractual restrictions could cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from
operations towards debt service obligations and principal repayments; increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and
competitive conditions; limit our flexibility regarding changes in our business and our industry; impair our ability to obtain future financing; and restrict our ability
to grant liens on property, enter into certain mergers, dispose of our assets, or materially change our business.
Our ability to comply with the covenants in our indenture may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of the covenants without a waiver from
the note holders or lenders, then any outstanding indebtedness may be declared
30
