Table of Contents
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 3,700
employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our operating
expenses in fiscal year 2024 include expenses for financial support to impacted employees and charitable activity. We believe our global supply chain for our
networking products has not experienced any significant impact. Further, in connection with the conflict, a substantial number of our employees in the region
have been called-up for active military duty in Israel. Accordingly, some of our employees in Israel have been absent for an extended period and they or others
may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We did not experience any significant impact or expense to
our business; however, if the conflict is further extended, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our
business.
Additionally, interruptions or delays in services from CSPs, data center co-location partners, and other third parties on which we rely, including due to the events
described above or other events such as the insolvency of these parties, could impair our ability to provide our products and services and harm our business. As
we increase our reliance on these third-party systems and services, our exposure to damage from service interruptions, defects, disruptions, outages, shortages
and other performance and quality problems may increase. Data centers depend on access to clean water and predictable energy. Power or water shortages, or
regulations that limit energy or water availability, could impair the ability of our customers to expand their data center capacity and consume our products and
services.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and on our customers, partners and vendors. Water and energy availability and
reliability in the regions where we conduct business is critical, and certain of our facilities may be vulnerable to the impacts of extreme weather events. Extreme
heat and wind coupled with dry conditions in Northern California may lead to power safety shut offs due to wildfire risk, which can have adverse implications for
our Santa Clara, California headquarter offices and data centers, including impairing the ability of our employees to work effectively. Climate change, its impact
on our supply chain and critical infrastructure worldwide and its potential to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our
vendors do business, may disrupt our business and cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and costs to maintain or resume operations. Although we
maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability and
cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions, and our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not
covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
Our business and those of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related laws, regulations and lawsuits. New or proposed regulations
relating to carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, pollution limits, sustainability-related disclosure and governance and supply chain governance could result in
greater direct costs, including costs associated with changes to manufacturing processes or the procurement of raw materials used in manufacturing processes,
increased capital expenditures to improve facilities and equipment, and higher compliance and energy costs to reduce emissions, other compliance costs, as
well as greater indirect costs resulting from our customers and/or suppliers incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These costs and
restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations and product design activities.
Stakeholder groups may find us insufficiently responsive to the implications of climate change, and therefore we may face legal action or reputational harm. We
may not achieve our stated sustainability-related goals, which could harm our reputation, or we may incur additional, unexpected costs to achieve such goals.
We may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising from climate change-related disruptions, which could result in increased
litigation and costs.
We also face risks related to business trends that may be influenced by climate change concerns. Our business could be negatively impacted by concerns
around the high absolute energy requirements of our GPUs, despite their much more energy efficient design and operation relative to alternative computing
platforms.
We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully integrate
acquired companies, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.
We have acquired and invested and may continue to do so in businesses that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand or
enhance our strategic objectives. Acquisitions or investments involve significant challenges and risks and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop
new products or sell our products and ultimately could have a negative impact on our financial results. If we pursue a particular transaction, we may limit our
ability to enter into other transactions that could help us achieve our other strategic objectives. If we are unable to timely complete acquisitions, including due to
delays and challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, we may be unable to pursue other transactions, we may not be able to retain critical talent from the
target company, technology may evolve and make the acquisition less attractive, and other changes can take place, which could reduce the anticipated benefits
of the transaction and negatively impact our business. Regulators could also impose conditions that reduce the ultimate value of our acquisitions. In addition, to
the extent that our perceived ability to consummate acquisitions has been
22
