Table of Contents
transitions, and we may be unable to sell multiple product architectures at the same time for current and future architecture transitions. If we are unable to
execute our architectural transitions as planned for any reason, our financial results may be negatively impacted. The increasing frequency and complexity of
newly introduced products may result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty or other
costs or result in product delays. Deployment of new products to customers creates additional challenges due to the complexity of our technologies, which has
impacted and may in the future impact the timing of customer purchases or otherwise impact our demand. While we have managed prior product transitions and
have previously sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our
supply mix, and we may incur additional costs.
Many end customers often do not purchase directly from us but instead purchase indirectly through multiple OEMs, ODMs, system integrators, distributors, and
other channel partners. As a result, the decisions made by our multiple OEMs, ODMs, system integrators, distributors, and other channel partners, and in
response to changing market conditions and changes in end-user demand for our products, have impacted and could in the future continue to impact our ability
to properly forecast demand, particularly as they are based on estimates provided by various downstream parties.
If we underestimate our customers' future demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity to increase production
and we may not be able to obtain sufficient inventory to fill orders on a timely basis. Even if we are able to increase supply to meet customer demand, we may
not be able to do so in a timely manner, or our contract manufacturers may experience supply constraints. If we cannot procure sufficient supply to meet demand
or otherwise fail to fulfill our customers’ orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customer relationships could be damaged, we could lose revenue and market
share and our reputation could be harmed. Additionally, since some of our products are part of a complex data center buildout, supply constraints or availability
issues with respect to any one component have had and may have a broader revenue impact.
If we overestimate our customers’ future demand for our products, or if customers cancel or defer orders or choose to purchase from our competitors, we may
not be able to reduce our inventory or other contractual purchase commitments. In the past, we have experienced a reduction in average selling prices, including
due to channel pricing programs that we have implemented and may continue to implement, as a result of our overestimation of future demand, and we may
need to continue these reductions. We have had to increase prices for certain of our products as a result of our suppliers’ increase in prices, and we may need to
continue to do so for other products in the future. We have also written down our inventory, incurred cancellation penalties, and recorded impairments and may
have to do so in the future. These impacts were amplified by our placement of non-cancellable and non-returnable purchasing terms well in advance of our
historical lead times and could be exacerbated if we need to make changes to the design of future products. The risk of these impacts has increased and may
continue to increase as our purchase obligations and prepaids have grown and are expected to continue to grow and become a greater portion of our total
supply. All of these factors may negatively impact our gross margins and financial results.
We build technology and introduce products for new and innovative use cases and applications, such as NVIDIA DGX Cloud services, NVIDIA AI Foundations,
Omniverse platform, LLMs, and generative AI models. Our demand estimates for new use cases, applications, and services can be incorrect and create volatility
in our revenue or supply levels, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue from these use cases, applications, and services. Recent technologies,
such as generative AI models, have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for Data Center, the long-term trajectory is unknown. Because our
products may be used in multiple use cases and applications, it is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the impact of generative AI
models on our reported revenue or forecasted demand. Additionally, we started shipping our CPU product offerings, the Grace CPU and Grace Hopper
Superchips, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2024. Our ability to adequately predict our CPU demand may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels.
Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended lead times may occur if
we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events. In addition, geopolitical tensions, such as those involving Taiwan
and China, which comprise a significant portion of our revenue and where we have suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners who are critical to
our supply continuity, could have a material adverse impact on us.
The use of our GPUs other than that for which they were designed and marketed, including new and unexpected use cases, has impacted and can in the future
impact demand for our products, including by leading to inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For example, several years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to
be used for mining digital currencies, such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of
cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new
compute technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards and changes in
the method of verifying blockchain transactions, has impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further
impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the Ethereum 2.0
merge in 2022, have reduced and may in the future decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining. This has created and may in the future create increased
aftermarket sales of our
17
