Table of Contents
industry standard servers from every major cloud provider and server maker. Beyond GPUs, our data center platform expanded to include DPUs in fiscal year
2022 and CPUs in fiscal year 2024. We can optimize across the entire computing, networking and storage stack to deliver data center-scale computing
solutions.
While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the CUDA parallel
programming model, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.
In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a
comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and workstations. We also offer the NVIDIA
DGX Cloud, a fully managed AI-training-as-a-service platform which includes cloud-based infrastructure and software for AI, customizable pretrained AI models,
and access to NVIDIA experts.
In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture, a full set of data center scale infrastructure that includes GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, interconnects,
switch chips and systems, and networking adapters. Blackwell excels at processing cutting edge generative AI and accelerated computing workloads with
market leading performance and efficiency. Offered in a number of configurations, it can address the needs of customers across industries and a diverse set of
AI and accelerated computing use cases.
Gaming
Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new high production value
games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming, or eSports, social connectivity and the increasing popularity of game streamers, modders, or
gamers who remaster games, and creators.
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. We developed
NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and AI to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering. Ray
tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a computationally intensive technique that simulates the physical behavior of light
to achieve greater realism in computer-generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that
boosts frame rates while generating beautiful, sharp images for games. RTX GPUs will also accelerate a new generation of AI applications. With an installed
base of over 100 million AI capable PCs, more than 700 RTX AI-enabled applications and games, and a robust suite of development tools, RTX is already the AI
PC leader.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming for
playing PC games on underpowered devices, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.
In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural
graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to unlock a new era of graphics innovation. The RTX 50 Series also features the next generation of
our DLSS technology powered for the first time by a transformer model architecture. Together these technologies help deliver up to a 2x leap in performance and
stunning visual realism for PC gamers, developers, and creatives.
Professional Visualization
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our
GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design and manufacturing and
digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical
instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-
television graphics. Additionally, the infusion of generative AI into an increasing number of applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI processing
capabilities of our RTX GPUs.
The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate shadows, reflections and
refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners now support RTX,
allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs and software.
We offer NVIDIA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building and running virtual world simulation applications, available as a
software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse’s 3D and simulation technologies to digitalize
their complex physical assets, processes, and environments – building digital twins of factories, real time 3D product configurators, testing and validating
autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NVIDIA accelerated computing infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud.
6
