Table of Contents
•
the insolvency of key suppliers, distributors, customers, CSPs, data center providers, licensing parties or other third parties we rely on;
•
reduced profitability of customers, which may cause them to scale back operations, exit businesses, file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease
operations, or lead to mergers, consolidations or strategic alliances among other companies, which could adversely affect our ability to compete
effectively; and
•
increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts on our
customers and suppliers, failures of counterparties, including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our
financial instruments.
Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, such as bank failures or instability, or concerns or speculation about similar events or risks, could lead to
market-wide liquidity problems and other disruptions, which could impact our customers’ ability to fulfill their payment obligations to us, our vendors’ ability to
fulfill their contractual obligations to us, or our ability to fulfill our own obligations.
Additionally, we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and
interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial markets, as described above. A majority of our
investment portfolio comprises USG securities. A decline in global financial markets for long periods or a downgrade of the USG credit rating due to an actual or
threatened default on government debt could result in higher interest rates, a decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, reduced market liquidity or other adverse
conditions. These factors could cause an unrealized or realized loss position in our investments or require us to record impairment charges.
International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our business.
We sell our products internationally, and we also have operations and conduct business internationally. Our semiconductor wafers are manufactured,
assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States, and we generated 53% of our revenue in fiscal year 2025 from sales
outside the United States. The market in China, where our offerings are limited by export controls, is highly competitive and we expect it to remain competitive
going forward. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, which have had in the past and could in the future have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These include domestic and international economic and political conditions
in countries in which we and our suppliers and manufacturers do business, government lockdowns to control case spread of global or local health issues,
differing legal standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices, different domestic and international business and cultural practices,
disruptions to capital markets, counter-inflation policies, currency fluctuations, natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions, terrorism, public health
issues, restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs, sanctions, and other controls on imports or exports, and catastrophic events.
Product, system security, and data protection incidents or breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected
revenue, increase our expenses, and significantly harm our business and reputation.
Security breaches, computer malware, social-engineering attacks, denial-of-service attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures,
loss of data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated, making it more difficult to successfully
detect, defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures.
Cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, may become more prevalent
and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or if restore from backups is delayed
or not feasible.
Individuals, groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and nation-state-supported actors, and other threat actors have engaged
and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks. Additionally, some actors are using AI technology to launch more automated, targeted and coordinated
attacks. Due to geopolitical conflicts and during times of war or other major conflicts, we and the third parties we rely upon may be subject to a heightened risk of
cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our ability to provide services and products. We may also face cybersecurity threats due to error or intentional
misconduct by employees, contractors or other third-party service providers. Certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees,
contractors and/or other third-party service providers safeguarding our sensitive information and adhering to our security policies and access control
mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle sensitive information
or adhere to our security policies and access control mechanisms, including, for example, employees posting company data on third-party websites without
permission, and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat or error will not
result in an incident that is material to us or lead to negative publicity. Furthermore, we rely on products and services provided by third-party suppliers to operate
certain critical business systems, including without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other
functions, which exposes us to
20
