Table of Contents
the activities of U.S. persons, trade and economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect our ability to ship products,
provide services to our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s U.S. Entity List or
other USG restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and generally fulfill our contractual obligations and have a material adverse
effect on our business. If we were ever found to have violated export control laws or sanctions of the U.S. or similar applicable non-U.S. laws, even if the
violation occurred without our knowledge, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse
impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
For example, in response to the war in Ukraine, the United States and other jurisdictions imposed economic sanctions and export control measures which
blocked the passage of our products, services and support into Russia, Belarus, and certain regions of Ukraine. In fiscal year 2023, we stopped direct sales to
Russia and closed business operations in Russia. Concurrently, the war in Ukraine has impacted sales in EMEA and may continue to do so in the future.
The increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of
enabling or facilitating AI and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting some or all of our product and service offerings.
Concerns regarding third-party use of AI for purposes contrary to local governmental interests, including concerns relating to the misuse of AI applications,
models, and solutions, has resulted in and could in the future result in unilateral or multilateral restrictions on products that can be used for training, modifying,
tuning, and deploying LLMs and other AI applications. Such restrictions have limited and could in the future limit the ability of downstream customers and users
worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our products, software, and services, and negatively impact our business and financial results.
Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, including but not limited to AI technologies.
As geopolitical tensions have increased, semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and related products, are increasingly the focus of export control
restrictions proposed by stakeholders in the U.S. and its allies. The United States has imposed unilateral worldwide controls restricting GPUs and associated
products, and it is likely that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls have been and may again be very broad in scope and
application, prohibit us from exporting our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, including but not limited to China and over 150 countries
designated “Tier 2” by the January 2025 AI Diffusion IFR, and could negatively impact our manufacturing, testing and warehousing locations and options, or
could impose other conditions that limit our ability to serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue and financial
results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, which have been imposed and are increasingly likely to be further tightened,
would further restrict our ability to export our technology, products, or services even though competitors may not be subject to similar restrictions, creating a
competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated
with AI have subjected and may in the future subject downstream users of our products to additional restrictions on the use, resale, repair, or transfer of our
products, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Controls could negatively impact our cost and/or ability to provide services such as NVIDIA AI
cloud services and could impact the cost and/or ability for our CSPs and customers to provide services to their end customers, even outside China.
Export controls could disrupt our supply chain and distribution channels, negatively impacting our ability to serve demand, including in markets outside China
and for our gaming products. The possibility of additional export controls has negatively impacted and may in the future negatively impact demand for our
products, benefiting competitors that offer alternatives less likely to be restricted by further controls. Repeated changes in the export control rules are likely to
impose compliance burdens on our business and our customers, negatively and materially impacting our business.
Increasing use of economic sanctions and export controls has impacted and may in the future impact demand for our products or services, negatively impacting
our business and financial results. Reduced demand due to export controls could also lead to excess inventory or cause us to incur related supply charges.
Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed export control limitations that negatively impact the ability of our research and
development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner. Additional export restrictions may not only impact our ability to serve
overseas markets, but also provoke responses from foreign governments, including China, that negatively impact our supply chain or our ability to provide our
products and services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially reduce our revenue. Regulators in China have inquired about our
sales and efforts to supply the China market and our fulfillment of the commitments we entered at the close of our Mellanox acquisition. For example, regulators
in China are investigating whether complying with applicable U.S. export controls discriminates unfairly against customers in the China market. If regulators
conclude that we have failed to fulfill such commitments or we have violated any applicable law in China, we could be subject to financial penalties, restrictions
on our ability to conduct our business, restrictions regarding our networking products and services, or otherwise impact our operations in China, any of which
could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
26
