Table of Contents
•
purchasing decisions made, and inventory levels held by, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, system integrators, other channel partners and other third parties;
•
the ability of developers, end customers and other third parties to build, enhance, and maintain accelerated computing applications that leverage our
platforms;
•
the availability of third-party content on our platforms, such as GeForce NOW;
•
the demand for accelerated computing, AI-related cloud services, or large language models;
•
changes that impact the ecosystem for the architectures underlying our products and technologies;
•
government actions or changes in governmental policies, such as export controls, increased restrictions on gaming usage, or tariffs; and
•
our customers' ability to invest in AI infrastructure.
Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended lead times may occur if
we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events. In addition, geopolitical tensions, such as those involving Taiwan
and China, which comprise a significant portion of our revenue and where we have suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners who are critical to
our supply continuity, could have a material adverse impact on us.
We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections and increasing complexity of our
data center products. With these additions, we have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both
current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain creates more
complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component
compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory provisions or impairments if our
inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.
Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support
new products. We are generally in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive
products. The computing industry is experiencing a broader and faster launch cadence of accelerated computing platforms to meet a growing and diverse set of
AI opportunities. We have introduced a new product and architecture cadence of our Data Center solutions where we seek to complete new computing solutions
each year and provide a greater variety of Data Center offerings. The increased frequency of these transitions and the larger number of products and product
configurations may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand which may further create volatility in our revenue. Qualification
time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions, and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product
introductions can reduce, or create volatility in, our revenue. We have experienced and may in the future experience reduced demand for current generation
architectures when customers anticipate transitions, and we may be unable to sell multiple product architectures at the same time for current and future
architecture transitions. Our financial results have been and may in the future be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our architectural transitions as
planned for any reason. The increased frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in unanticipated quality or production issues that
could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty, or other costs or result in product delays. For example, our gross margins in the second quarter
of fiscal year 2025 were negatively impacted by inventory provisions for low-yielding Blackwell material.
We incur significant engineering development resources for new products, and changes to our product roadmap may impact our ability to develop other products
or adequately manage our supply chain cost. Customers may delay purchasing existing products as we increase the frequency of new products or may not be
able to adopt our new products as fast as forecasted, both impacting the timing of our revenue and supply chain cost. While we have managed prior product
transitions and have sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our
supply mix, and may cause us to incur additional costs.
Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect, which may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able
to generate significant revenue from them. Because our products may be used in multiple use cases and applications, it is difficult to estimate with any
reasonable degree of precision the impact of generative AI models on our reported revenue or forecasted demand.
The use of our GPUs for new, mercurial, or trendy applications, has impacted and can impact in the future demand for our products, including by leading to
inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For example, several years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to be used for mining digital currencies, such as Ethereum.
It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of
17
