Table of Contents
demand, access to global markets, hiring, and profitability. For example, other countries have restricted and may continue in the future to restrict business with
the State of Israel, where we have engineering, sales support operations and manufacturing, and companies with Israeli operations, including by economic
boycotts. Our operations could be harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including
natural disasters, high heat events, water shortages, power shortages, information technology system failures or cyber-attacks, military actions or economic, and
business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers of being located and
consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a disaster, war, or catastrophic event affects us, the third-party systems on which we rely, or
our customers, our business could be harmed as a result of declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully
resume operations. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. All of these risks and conditions could
materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,700
employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Some of our
employees in the region have been on active military duty for an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product
development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended or expanded, it
could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business.
Additionally, interruptions or delays in services from CSPs, data center co-location partners, and other third parties on which we rely, including due to the events
described above or other events such as the insolvency of these parties, could impair our ability to provide our products and services and harm our business. As
we increase our reliance on these third-party systems and services, our exposure to damage from service interruptions, defects, disruptions, outages, shortages
and other performance and quality problems may increase. Data centers depend on access to clean water and predictable energy. Power or water shortages,
land or permitting constraints, or regulations that limit energy, water, or land availability, could impair the ability of our customers to expand their data center
capacity and consume our products and services, which may in turn negatively impact our business.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and on our customers, partners and vendors. Water and energy availability and
reliability in the regions where we conduct business is critical, and certain of our facilities may be vulnerable to the impacts of extreme weather events. Extreme
heat and wind coupled with dry conditions in Northern California may lead to power safety shut offs due to wildfire risk, which can have adverse implications for
our Santa Clara, California headquarter offices and data centers, including impairing the ability of our employees to work effectively. Climate change, its impact
on our supply chain and critical infrastructure worldwide and its potential to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our
vendors do business, may disrupt our business and cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and costs to maintain or resume operations. Although we
maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability and
cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions, and our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not
covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
Our business and those of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related laws, regulations and lawsuits. New or proposed regulations
relating to carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, pollution limits, sustainability-related disclosure and governance and supply chain governance could result in
greater direct costs, including costs associated with changes to manufacturing processes or the procurement of raw materials used in manufacturing processes,
increased capital expenditures to improve facilities and equipment, higher compliance and energy costs to reduce emissions, other compliance costs, and
greater indirect costs resulting from our customers and/or suppliers incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These costs and restrictions
could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations and product design activities.
Stakeholder groups may find us insufficiently responsive to the implications of climate change, and therefore we may face legal action or reputational harm. We
may not achieve our stated sustainability-related goals, which could harm our reputation, or we may incur additional, unexpected costs to achieve such goals.
We may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising from climate change-related disruptions, which could result in increased
litigation and costs.
We also face risks related to business trends that may be influenced by climate change concerns. Our business could be negatively impacted by concerns
around the high absolute energy requirements of our GPUs, despite their much more energy efficient design and operation relative to alternative computing
platforms.
We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully integrate
acquired companies, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.
22
